and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to Aaron and say to him when you arrange
Aaron and say to him when you arrange
Aaron and say to him when you arrange the lamps the seven lamps shall give
the lamps the seven lamps shall give
the lamps the seven lamps shall give light in front of the lampstand and
light in front of the lampstand and
light in front of the lampstand and Aaron did so he arranged the lamps to
Aaron did so he arranged the lamps to
Aaron did so he arranged the lamps to face toward the front of the lamp stand
face toward the front of the lamp stand
face toward the front of the lamp stand as the LORD commanded Moses now this
as the LORD commanded Moses now this
as the LORD commanded Moses now this workmanship of a lamp stand was hammered
workmanship of a lamp stand was hammered
workmanship of a lamp stand was hammered gold from its shaft to its flowers it
gold from its shaft to its flowers it
gold from its shaft to its flowers it was hammered work according to the
was hammered work according to the
was hammered work according to the pattern which the Lord had shown Moses
pattern which the Lord had shown Moses
pattern which the Lord had shown Moses so he made the lamp stand then the Lord
so he made the lamp stand then the Lord
so he made the lamp stand then the Lord spoke to Moses take the Levites from
spoke to Moses take the Levites from
spoke to Moses take the Levites from among the children of Israel and cleanse
among the children of Israel and cleanse
among the children of Israel and cleanse them ceremonially thus you shall do to
them ceremonially thus you shall do to
them ceremonially thus you shall do to them
them
them to cleanse them sprinkle water of
to cleanse them sprinkle water of
to cleanse them sprinkle water of purification on them and let them shave
purification on them and let them shave
purification on them and let them shave all their body and let them wash their
all their body and let them wash their
all their body and let them wash their clothes and so make themselves clean
clothes and so make themselves clean
clothes and so make themselves clean then let them take a young bowl with its
then let them take a young bowl with its
then let them take a young bowl with its grain offering of fine flour mixed with
grain offering of fine flour mixed with
grain offering of fine flour mixed with oil and you shall take another young
oil and you shall take another young
oil and you shall take another young bowl as a sin offering and you shall
bowl as a sin offering and you shall
bowl as a sin offering and you shall bring the Levites before the tabernacle
bring the Levites before the tabernacle
bring the Levites before the tabernacle of meeting and you shall gather together
of meeting and you shall gather together
of meeting and you shall gather together the whole congregation of the children
the whole congregation of the children
the whole congregation of the children of Israel so you shall bring the Levites
of Israel so you shall bring the Levites
of Israel so you shall bring the Levites before the Lord and the children of
before the Lord and the children of
before the Lord and the children of Israel shall lay their hands on the
Israel shall lay their hands on the
Israel shall lay their hands on the Levite
Levite
Levite and Aaron shall offer the Levites before
and Aaron shall offer the Levites before
and Aaron shall offer the Levites before the Lord like a wave offering from the
the Lord like a wave offering from the
the Lord like a wave offering from the children of Israel that they may perform
children of Israel that they may perform
children of Israel that they may perform the work of the Lord
the work of the Lord
the work of the Lord then the Levites shall lay their hands
then the Levites shall lay their hands
then the Levites shall lay their hands on their heads of the young bulls and
on their heads of the young bulls and
on their heads of the young bulls and you shall offer one as a sin offering
you shall offer one as a sin offering
you shall offer one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering to the
and the other as a burnt offering to the
and the other as a burnt offering to the Lord to make atonement for the Levites
Lord to make atonement for the Levites
Lord to make atonement for the Levites and you shall stand the Levites before
and you shall stand the Levites before
and you shall stand the Levites before Aaron and his sons and then offer them
Aaron and his sons and then offer them
Aaron and his sons and then offer them like a wave offering to the Lord thus
like a wave offering to the Lord thus
like a wave offering to the Lord thus you shall separate the Levites from
you shall separate the Levites from
you shall separate the Levites from among the children of Israel and the
among the children of Israel and the
among the children of Israel and the Levites shall be mine
Levites shall be mine
Levites shall be mine after that the Levites shall go in to
after that the Levites shall go in to
after that the Levites shall go in to service the tabernacle of meeting so you
service the tabernacle of meeting so you
service the tabernacle of meeting so you shall cleanse them and offer them like a
shall cleanse them and offer them like a
shall cleanse them and offer them like a wave offering for they are wholly given
wave offering for they are wholly given
wave offering for they are wholly given to me from among the children of Israel
to me from among the children of Israel
to me from among the children of Israel I have taken them for myself instead of
I have taken them for myself instead of
I have taken them for myself instead of all who opened the womb the first form
all who opened the womb the first form
all who opened the womb the first form of all the children of Israel for all
of all the children of Israel for all
of all the children of Israel for all the firstborn among the children of
the firstborn among the children of
the firstborn among the children of Israel are mine both man and beast on
Israel are mine both man and beast on
Israel are mine both man and beast on the day that I struck all the firstborn
the day that I struck all the firstborn
the day that I struck all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them
in the land of Egypt I sanctified them
in the land of Egypt I sanctified them unto myself I have taken the Levites
unto myself I have taken the Levites
unto myself I have taken the Levites instead of all the firstborn of the
instead of all the firstborn of the
instead of all the firstborn of the children of Israel and I have given the
children of Israel and I have given the
children of Israel and I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and his sons
Levites as a gift to Aaron and his sons
Levites as a gift to Aaron and his sons from among the children of Israel to do
from among the children of Israel to do
from among the children of Israel to do the work for the children of Israel in
the work for the children of Israel in
the work for the children of Israel in the tabernacle of meeting and to make
the tabernacle of meeting and to make
the tabernacle of meeting and to make atonement for the children of Israel
atonement for the children of Israel
atonement for the children of Israel that there be no plague among the
that there be no plague among the
that there be no plague among the children of Israel when the children of
children of Israel when the children of
children of Israel when the children of Israel come near the same
Israel come near the same
Israel come near the same thus Moses and Aaron and all the
thus Moses and Aaron and all the
thus Moses and Aaron and all the congregation of the children of Israel
congregation of the children of Israel
congregation of the children of Israel did to the Levites according to all that
did to the Levites according to all that
did to the Levites according to all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the
the LORD commanded Moses concerning the
the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites so the children of Israel did to
Levites so the children of Israel did to
Levites so the children of Israel did to them and the Levites purified themselves
them and the Levites purified themselves
them and the Levites purified themselves and washed their clothes then Aaron
and washed their clothes then Aaron
and washed their clothes then Aaron presented them like a wave offering
presented them like a wave offering
presented them like a wave offering before the Lord and Aaron made atonement
before the Lord and Aaron made atonement
before the Lord and Aaron made atonement for them to cleanse them after that the
for them to cleanse them after that the
for them to cleanse them after that the Levites went in to do their work in the
Levites went in to do their work in the
Levites went in to do their work in the tabernacle of meeting before Aaron and
tabernacle of meeting before Aaron and
tabernacle of meeting before Aaron and his sons as the LORD commanded Moses
his sons as the LORD commanded Moses
his sons as the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites so they did to
concerning the Levites so they did to
concerning the Levites so they did to them then the Lord spoke to Moses this
them then the Lord spoke to Moses this
them then the Lord spoke to Moses this is what pertains to the Levites from 25
is what pertains to the Levites from 25
is what pertains to the Levites from 25 years old and above one may enter to
years old and above one may enter to
years old and above one may enter to perform service in the work of the
perform service in the work of the
perform service in the work of the tabernacle of meeting and at the age of
tabernacle of meeting and at the age of
tabernacle of meeting and at the age of 50 years they must cease performing this
50 years they must cease performing this
50 years they must cease performing this work and shall work no more they may
work and shall work no more they may
work and shall work no more they may minister with their brethren in the
minister with their brethren in the
minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of meeting to attend to needs
tabernacle of meeting to attend to needs
tabernacle of meeting to attend to needs but they themselves shall do no work
but they themselves shall do no work
but they themselves shall do no work thus you shall do to the Levites
thus you shall do to the Levites
thus you shall do to the Levites regarding their duties
you
you [Music]